Test = `As you both were getting tired, you both decided to go to bed, so you put out the fire and settled in for the night. little did you both know this would be the worst night of your lives. The sound you heard earlier returned, only this time louder, but you ignored it.%It's just a deer. Right? You have subconsciously started to think that it is not a deer but, in fact, something else, but you didn't want to bring that up with your friend, so you stayed silent, afraid to sound like a sociopath, You listen to it while trying to fall asleep, but the sound keeps getting louder.%Suddenly, you hear your friend get out of his tent to confront the sound; as he does, the sound comes closer very quickly.%You stay quiet and act like you are asleep; as you do, your friend shouts, "what are you doing" to get rid of whatever the sound is; as he shouts, you hear a ringing noise that is the loudest sound that you have ever heard in your life.%As you recover from the sound, you detect some wet chewing noises; horrified, you figure out what the sound is after a loud crunch. You realize, after hearing crying stop after that crunch, it killed your friend.%Mortified and shocked by the events, you wait, hoping to get that crying from your friend and the following sounds out of your head. But you are horrified, and the sound keeps looping repeatedly. But after - two hours, you muster up the courage to hopefully leave and tell the story about today.%You still hear the sound of your friend and the actions that have occurred today, forever repeating like a popular song on the radio. You remember that the thing brutally killed and ate your friend had walked away around an hour ago. %As you think of this, you faintly try to get out of your tent without alerting anything; you think about it and the fact that the zipper on the tent is going to be loud, so you think about how to get out without making noise.%You conclude slowly, lowering the zipper. You get out, luckily, and wonder why it didn't come for you as the zipper made noise. You look down where your friend's body should be only to see a hill of dirt; you gloss over this fact as the day approaches, and you see a house through the woods that you've never seen before; it feels familiar.%You look at the house and see that a light is on. Thinking that it might be safe, you walk towards the house, through the woods, and you start hearing whispers; you can’t make out the sound, but you hear it, and it's horrifying, but you struggle on and start to walk toward the house. But you stop for a second.%The whispers are getting louder, soyou turn around to see a figure standing over you whispering! you start to run. As you do, you feel something brush against your leg. As you think this, you rush to the house you can still see in the distance. %You heard something in the distance before this; you heard it turn and rush towards you. As you almost reach the house, you hear it getting closer and closer, but you keep running, hoping to make it to the light of the old run-down house.%You get into the small open field about 20 feet away from the old run-down house. You think you're going to make it as you hear the sound behind you. Right as you get to the light, you feel the sound touch you and grab at your back!%But you made it; you let off a sigh of relief and fell to the floor from running so much. But as you fall to the floor, you feel a sharp pain in your back. You find a mirror; you use it to look at your back.%Because of the adrenaline pumping through you, you didn't feel it, but as you looked. You find a massive slash across your back that looks to be caused by an animal. You try to stop concentrating on that to listen to the sound, but that thing is chasing you.%As you fall silent, you hear very heavy footsteps; you can't tell if it's coming toward you or walking away. As you try to listen, you hear something else; you can't tell what it is, but it is coming toward you.The sharp pain going through your back makes it very hard to stay quiet.%But as the new, lighter sound reaches you, you get a glimpse of a figure as it shines a light in your eyes. "Hey, bud, We've been looking for you all night".As he finishes what he is saying, you break into tears, you fall asleep.%Upon waking up, you find yourself in a hospital; as you wake up, a nurse walks in, "doctor-5 221 is awake ". You ignore her for a second wondering where you are and what has happened, but all you can remember is the house and the sound, that god-awful sound engraved in your memory.%You panic as the nurse tries to calm you down, and after some time, you finally calm down and relax a little bit. You look at the nurse and ask, "what time is it?" She looks back calmly and says, "it is 1:43 pm".%As she says this, you ask how you were out for so long; you look at her and ask another question "what is the date today" as you ask, she thinks for a second, then checks her phone and then replies, "it is July 7, 1968"%you start thinking about the trip that you had left a week ago and why it happened. You are there contemplating things, then suddenly, you jolt 'wait a week!' you thought. But you try to stay calm, but the whispers start to return, but you can make out what they are saying this time "go, return to your nature".%Freaking out, you try to figure out what they mean. The lights go out as the lights turn off, and terror fills your body. You quietly whisper, "it followed me; we're dead, we're all dead"; everyone else in the room looks at you like you are crazy, but the sound starts in the very room you are in;%you watch the humanoid figure kill and start eating the people in your room until it looks at you and walks away to the next room. Crying out of fear, you hide in the corner, fearing that the figure THAT THING is saving you for last and that it wants you to listen and watch.%You sit there quietly crying; after a long time, it returns and drags you around to look at its work like it wants you to enjoy it too. Terrified, you look at it with a forced nice look, but it doesn't seem satisfied with the look you give its work. It wants you to join it;%the figure wants you to help it in the "line of work". You don't want to help it, and you refuse, wanting to kill the figure instead of helping it. But luck is on your side; you find a scalpel on the ground; as you get dragged past it, you pick it up;% the figure notices this but doesn't stop you. About 5 minutes later, you find some people, and the figure wants you to do their dirty work. You grip the scalpel upside down and quickly turn around. You stab and thrash at the figure, only for it to be unfazed.%You fall to the ground where you stabbed and slice the figure, only for the wounds to open up on you. As you lay down bleeding out, you thought back and did it. You did it all, everything, and nothing was following you; it was you. You were battling in your subconscious, but that was the figure; it was you.



var Encoder = new TextEncoder() 
var Decoder = new TextDecoder()
StringArray = Test.split("%")
StringArray.forEach(element => {
    st = "new Uint8Array(["
    EncodedString = Encoder.encode(element)
    EncodedString.forEach((Data,Num)=>{
        st = st+Data+","
    })
    st = st+"])"
    st = st.replace(",]","]")
    console.log(st)
});


